Added recommendations around worker versioning default options (#3784)
temporalio/documentation: docs/production-deployment/worker-deployments/worker-versioning.mdx

  - A **Pinned** Workflow is guaranteed to complete on a single Worker Deployment Version.
  - An **Auto-Upgrade** Workflow will move to the latest Worker Deployment Version automatically whenever you change the current version. Auto-upgrade Workflows are not restricted to a single Deployment Version and need to be kept replay-safe manually, i.e. with [patching](/workflow-definition#workflow-versioning).
  - Both Pinned and Auto-Upgrade Workflows are guaranteed to start only on the Current or Ramping Version of their Worker Deployment.

>   - Workflow Pinning is designed for use with rainbow deployments and when you need more control over when you sunset workers and builds from one version to another. See [Deployment Systems](#deployment-systems). The Pinned Workflow Type doesn't need to be patched as they run on the same worker and build until all of the tasks are complete.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Pinned Workflows are designed for use with rainbow deployments. See [Deployment Systems](#deployment-systems). 
  - Pinned Workflows don't need to be patched. as they run on the same worker and build until they complete.
```

>   - If you are using blue-green deployments and you expect your Workflow to run longer than your builds will exist, you should default to Auto-Upgrade and should not use Workflow Pinning.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - If you expect your Workflow to run longer than you want your Worker Deployment Versions to exist, you should mark your Workflow Type as Auto-Upgrade.
```

### Which Default Versioning Behavior should you choose?

> In general, each Workflow Type should be annotated as Auto-Upgrade or Pinned. If you are using blue-green deployments and you expect your Workflow to run longer than your builds will exist, you should default to Auto-Upgrade and should not use Workflow Pinning. These Auto-Upgrade Workflows will still need to be [patched](https://docs.temporal.io/patching#patching).

Reviewer: I think there may be crossed wires here.
This section is referring to the worker's global default versioning behavior across many workflow types.
Whereas the new text seems to be talking about what to do for an individual workflow.

The section at line 77 is probably where we should first talk about the litmus test between short- and long-running workflows.
One suggestion is to link out to the [encyclopedia entry](https://docs.temporal.io/worker-versioning) for workflow and put the litmus test there.

Author: Thanks for clearing that up @drewhoskins-temporal. I shuffled the explanation around a bit. Do you think the changes here make more sense? https://github.com/temporalio/documentation/pull/3784/files#diff-80df3d3826730d03d3b4ebbc408c6c37f42f0851fb459f29dbca6d030dd65f78R81

}

public static class HelloWorldImpl implements HelloWorld {

> @Override

Reviewer: Was this formatting change intended?
